the day has finally come modern warfare
3 map pack lobbies are now actually a
thing I don't know why I just think it
started last night me and a few friends
just have started to download them and
start tweeting it about it next thing
you know everybody's fucking playing
it's so good to plan something different
I mean I understand that they are sort
of sniper lobbies not all the time but
eighty percent of the time let's face it
a majority of fucking modern warfare 3
lobbies it's not lobbies anyway but I'd
rather was just sent a whole bunch of
shitty drop zone hardhat lobby sort of
just gets stale after a time I've always
wanted to do this in fact I even made a
video asking people if we can make this
a thing but up until now they've
actually become something no an olden
really upload last night and I kind of
apologized but then again either the
stream for like six hours last night and
during that time I had a shit mota mota
morphy 3 map pack lobby clips some of
them are taken out our theater is it
can't record while some streaming and a
lot of them I cut out a stream but I'll
play them on screen near the end of the
video just for those of you that didn't
see already what I hurt in the stream I
guess it sort of helps finding lobbies
and shirt seeing as how I pull host
every single fucking game which by the
way is amazing it's like finally finding
out how to use your penis Oh a split
quadfeed you know play your map pack
actually feels as though you're playing
on an entire new game with a familiar
engine highly advise if you're watching
this video and you're from New Zealand
or Australia just fuck just fucking by
the way it's like buying a whole new cod
three months before the next chord
possibly the most fun of if ahead on
call of duty I mean yay eventually it'll
get stable but on another side of things
i managed to watch my first porno
without fucking buffering you read two
seconds that's not sorry mum like i said
i streamed all last night i must dream
for at least i don't know six maybe even
seven hours all up ahead a break in the
middle but I was so fucking legit legit
just an example of how people use the
word legit
thanks fucking still more quadfeed might
it could have been a really easy five on
just there but oh well but don't worry
I'm not gonna become of those dudes that
you know upload a fucking video every
single time I'm streaming like hey guys
i'm streaming over it twitch.tv /a
ssible oh my god i fuck there's a
fucking points taken you over though
well this ends their boardwalks to fan
favorite on the map pack lobbies it's
like the broadcast of modern warfare 3
you know it's like the new 2014 hard
head fillers off his new internet I can
actually shoot faster than the speed of
light I mean it may not be the case oh
my god he knows he fucking knows he's
laughing at me right now can fucking
hear him on the list of overpowered
things on call of duty bo1 you got the
famous bo2 you got the Scorpion em dub
to you got the noob to modern warfare 3
you got fucking host I don't need to fly
everything I just sit in this commentary
if you want to watch me scream i'll be
streaming right now over at twist your
TV for Celeste has it will put a link on
the screen now and something in the
description I just said like 30 fucking
words at once holy shit to record for me
oh dude measure of fucking but all the
clips are the head on stream last night
I'm gonna put on screen now so I hope
you enjoy that but we want to tell them
that a shitty quality because it just
comes straight out stream but I do have
them recorded but I'd sort of put them
in there for the reaction and let sort
of shit and don't worry I won't put
fucking plus reaction haha HD 720 in the
fucking title but you know you catch my
drift I hope you all enjoy have a good
day and I'll see you in scream if you're
going to come watch goodbye
oh oh oh my god no no no no no everybody
in the stream watch what's the stream
what's the fucking stream oh I noscope
they come next to me uh